README.md, before:

## FlowBudget

Mobile-first budgeting app built with Next.js App Router, Tailwind v4, Supabase authentication, and Prisma against your Supabase Postgres. The app supports offline data entry with a service worker and syncs queued actions when you reconnect.

### Features

- Supabase email/password auth (client + server helpers)
- Income & expense capture with Prisma models
- Dashboard with charts (Recharts), summaries, and CSV export
- Offline-friendly: service worker caching + IndexedDB queue with automatic flush on reconnect
- Left-hand collapsible menu for mobile
- Calendly coaching CTA
- Profile & settings (display name, currency)

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- A Supabase project with the Database URL and anon key

### Environment

Copy `.env.local` and fill in your real values:

```
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:5432/postgres?schema=public"
DIRECT_URL="postgresql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:5432/postgres?schema=public"
SUPABASE_URL="https://your-project.supabase.co"
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY="your-anon-key"
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY="your-service-role-key"
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL="https://your-project.supabase.co"
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY="your-anon-key"
CALENDLY_URL="https://calendly.com/your-schedule"
```

Be sure the Supabase keys match your project; the service-role key should stay server-side only.

### Database

The Prisma schema lives in `prisma/schema.prisma` with `Income`, `Expense`, and `Profile` models. Point `DATABASE_URL` at your Supabase Postgres, then run:

```
npx prisma migrate dev
npx prisma generate
```

### Scripts

```
npm run dev     # start dev server
npm run lint    # eslint
npm run build   # production build
npm start       # start production server
```

### Offline notes

- A service worker at `/sw.js` caches the shell for offline viewing.
- Income/expense submissions queue in IndexedDB when offline and flush automatically when back online.

### Calendly

Set `CALENDLY_URL` to your scheduling link; the coaching tile will open it in a new tab.

### Authentication

Supabase email/password auth is provided. Update your Supabase Auth settings to allow email/password signups and configure redirect URLs to include `http://localhost:3000` during development.

### Export

Dashboard offers CSV export (income + expense rows) for quick sharing.

Commit message:

Refactor README and Dashboard components; add recurring expense/income features. Updated README to remove Prisma database instructions and clarify app functionality. Modified Dashboard to support recurring entries with new form fields and adjusted navigation items. Enhanced validation schemas to include recurring options for expenses and incomes.

README.md, after:

## FlowBudget

Mobile-first budgeting app built with Next.js App Router, Tailwind v4, and Supabase authentication. The app supports offline data entry with a service worker and syncs queued actions when you reconnect.

### Features

- Supabase email/password auth (client + server helpers)
- Income & expense capture
- Dashboard with charts (Recharts), summaries, and CSV export
- Offline-friendly: service worker caching + IndexedDB queue with automatic flush on reconnect
- Left-hand collapsible menu for mobile
- Calendly coaching CTA
- Profile & settings (display name, currency)

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- A Supabase project with the Database URL and anon key

### Environment

Copy `.env.local` and fill in your real values:

```
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:5432/postgres?schema=public"
DIRECT_URL="postgresql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:5432/postgres?schema=public"
SUPABASE_URL="https://your-project.supabase.co"
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY="your-anon-key"
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY="your-service-role-key"
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL="https://your-project.supabase.co"
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY="your-anon-key"
CALENDLY_URL="https://calendly.com/your-schedule"
```

Be sure the Supabase keys match your project; the service-role key should stay server-side only.

### Scripts

```
npm run dev     # start dev server
npm run lint    # eslint
npm run build   # production build
npm start       # start production server
```

### Offline notes

- A service worker at `/sw.js` caches the shell for offline viewing.
- Income/expense submissions queue in IndexedDB when offline and flush automatically when back online.

### Calendly

Set `CALENDLY_URL` to your scheduling link; the coaching tile will open it in a new tab.

### Authentication

Supabase email/password auth is provided. Update your Supabase Auth settings to allow email/password signups and configure redirect URLs to include `http://localhost:3000` during development.

How it works in this codebase:
- The home page (`src/app/page.tsx`) creates a server Supabase client and checks the session with `supabase.auth.getSession()`. If there is no session, it renders `AuthPanel`; if there is a session, it loads dashboard data.
- The sign in/sign up UI (`src/components/auth/AuthPanel.tsx`) uses the browser client (`src/lib/supabase/client.ts`) and calls `supabase.auth.signInWithPassword` or `supabase.auth.signUp`.
- The server client (`src/lib/supabase/server.ts`) is created with `@supabase/ssr` and wires cookies into the Next.js request/response so session cookies are read and written server-side.
- API routes (`src/app/api/*/route.ts`) call `supabase.auth.getUser()` to verify the request is authenticated and return `401` when it is not.
- A service-role admin client (`src/lib/supabase/admin.ts`) uses `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` for server-only operations (never exposed to the browser).

### Export

Dashboard offers CSV export (income + expense rows) for quick sharing.
